see what I'm doing
we're doing like always a little bit of
a decadent loop no matter what so we're
trying to bring like really interesting
details in the eye the blush the blush
is definitely a main important thing we
have like a lot of rules but down to the
on the bottom of the cheek closer to the
jaw closer to the lips we have an
eyeliner but instead of going up it's
going more downs following giving more
like a do p I you know a little bit you
know down doing a very simple look that
goes wearing a lot of them there's a lot
of a little hat some disks of some of
the girls head I'm doing this very high
force like ponytail almost a little bit
dominatrix in a way very perfected the
hair band that's holding the ponytail is
covered in hair so it's very slick it's
so perfected that it's perverse and I
think mark like the word perverse this
season for the whole feeling of the
beauty
I don't know was there our week kind of
in a Marc Jacobs insane asylum a Couture
insane asylum the thing is he can is a
genius at putting on an amazing show and
at the same time there are the pieces
that you could peel apart that really
are some of the strongest pieces of the
season I mean those skirts that had the
big giant oversized pets are amazing
some of them were a little slim fitting
and difficult to walk in I think but um
the shoes were amazing kind of a wedgie
wedgie snow boot that laces up the back
I mean come on it sounds too good to be
true
this is what you can count on mark you
know he's really not somebody could put
in a box you know and and that's you
know that's really what vision is about
you know we're not supposed to just keep
doing things we've done before and so
it's a little bit sometimes hard to
articulate especially with something
that's so new what are the words to
describe it
I thought it looked like a kind of
French New Wave and with all the polka
dots I thought it was totally gorgeous
i'm going to love the kind of
aggressiveness of his woman that she was
had an energy to her and then it wasn't
old-fashioned I thought it was really
great
first of all mark sort of signifies New
York there's not there isn't a bigger
designer here there isn't a more
influential designer here or anywhere
really
beautiful it's just beautiful and I love
those shoes I mean I loved all the
things but I know I can wear the shoes
it was just elegant feminine and elegant
and so beautiful
there was lace and then there were sort
of peplums and then the worst polka dots
and that was played out through those
stockings in the Hat and I think that
texture just added an element of
modernity to a little bit of a fifty
silhouette but something that felt very
very Punk and modern to
before the show a lot of people are
talking about well what's it going to be
someone said it's going to be 20
slappers someone said it's going to be
70 secretary and you just never know
from him but it's still always mark Jake
if it has those signature colors and
those pieces that the girls want I mean
there were sailor pants that were
amazing with like a blouse that buttoned
up the back that was very signature Marc
Jacobs but then it had sort of dot
appliqués on it
what was new for him for me was
something like with Mark exploring these
very shaped sculptural 40s almost 50 s
type suitings that are they I don't feel
like I've seen mark explore that kind of
femininity you know where the waist was
really what was driving the whole
silhouette he executes sit in the most
kind of futuristic fabric so there's
kind of almost a retro hybrid futurism
to it
if there's just so much energy and you
get that when somebody is when
somebody's breaking breaking walls and
breaking ceilings on ideas it does it
creates a frisson and so I'm kind of a
little in the afterglow of the person of
the show
what's anything about mark is that he
always believes that fashion should have
a warmth to it and that means that it
usually has a reference that we know but
we haven't thought about a while and
that takes us to a kind of a place is
nostalgic but twisted